# hello-world

Casey is the name, and in here you have the OPTiOn to open your mind into depths that were otherwise unknown, before they were known to the human species, then I gathered ALL the information ever existing into the matter (including both the white & black matter, just in case you were wondering) and quasi-hunted & multi-gathered each and every puzzle peice to formulate this information, which I have resurfaced into existence, into the PERFECT known unkown, now made KNOWN into a simple guide for you ALL to become aware! Basically, I hold each of the keys that open each one of you to MASTER the reality of living in YOUR unique ULTIMATE experience. Mirroring every aspect to that of a GOD-like new-GENERATIONAL species, I have the pleasure to welcome you into this new world I have coined the absolute, without the solute though, name of - bia. Hence, Superbia, BI (as in Bi-Sexuals because we dont not discriminate any lesbianisms/queers/fags/whichever name you of your choice), A (just like the begining of the alphabet). So come with me if you want to figure out the secret of life, you will definitely lose your mind playing with me, but I can guarentee you wont be the same person as when you came in, I mean it's a NO-BRAINER. HERE lies the question, that is the only question, and the one question only is to simply answer the question thats in question- can you tap into the most childish multi-factorial, BUTT simple SELF? Notice the stress on the double T's, extreme emphasis is to be noted HERE. Now, all that is required is your answering to that of the question, and that one question and one question only is just in need of your one answer, and one answer only. Are you beginign to understand now? It's really very simple, if and when, because if OR when is just impossible, use the CASEYMOTTO, STOP THINKING. This part of the puzzle peice of the puzzle peice was made aware to me when I was thinking, and thinking TOO much, that I suddenly realized, to think, we need to not think about thinking, when we're thinking, so that the process can work the thinking of thinkfullness to surface on its own. MIND-BLOWN. Don't ya think? It really is a major life wonder, the act of thinking, just simply dont. Well now that thats been made.. Welcome to your life's challenge - THE SDENCEphelon! That is, if and ONLY if (not as in the IF prior to, or in that of the latter) you're up for this AWAKENING, into your HIGHEST self, basically the goal of life itself! WARNING: by reading anything after this point is subject to that of that, & this to this, so ultimately that to this, it's will be a quite a twiCkiy challenge for those who arn't Scaredy Pants! Alright you little pussy cats, you now are enetering a world where your mind will be tested, do you have the intelliegence to perservre, knowing a dream life will be wating at the end of the tunnel? If you said yes, yeah, ya, maybe, well I'll check it out, & but not OR any of the previous statements, but none of the latter, then enter HERE. 

Lesson #1: Lets beging with the GOLDEN rule, if you are ever to be stumped, just remeber the CASEYMOTTO, stop thinking too much! Okay? ONWARD we go!

Formulate how, and NOT why, but HOW, which is how on Earth was this impossible thing, possibly made possible, this CORE puzzle peice is called brain, which will now be termed, "How the Little Fighter Brain COULD". And yes, its JUST like in child VHS film 'Thomas the Jet Plane', or wait was it 'Thomas the Mighty Train'? Jesus, I don't remember, and cant give you ALL the answers! CHEATERS! I see what you tried to do there, go look it up or something! What do you think the WORLD WIDE WEB was made for, see what happens when you think too much. I'm telling you, you really must not think so much, and I just CANNOT, not stress this enough.

Got hungry, be back.. whenever I am done.

